        Welcome to LoggiX! This notice will only show once.
        This software is currently a very unstable work in progress.
        Here is what to expect from LoggiX 1.4.4:
        
        1.4.4 UPDATE NOTICE: cabrillo logs have been introduced for testing but are not funtional yet as they will assume test data for use instead of getting real user info.

          1. Improved duplicate checking including both exact AND similar detection systems
          2. Log format migration to hlf version 2.1 with improved access speeds allowing log sizes up to 1500 entrys before experiencing access lag!
          3. Double click quick settings drop downs for frequncy, power, and mode
          4. Settings functionality in settings file (the settings GUI is still unfinished though)
          5. Log search moved to the context menu to be more out of the way
          6. Date/time auto detect is UTC instead of local time now (sorry about that)
          7. updated about/credits window (Josh, you may want to take a look at it!)



        Now due to the fact that I am at the moment working though a lot of school, including learning two new programing
        languages in addition to python, learning data analysis, and training for a ETT licence over the summer this software is still missing a few vital features
        that you will want to know before using it.

          1. THERE IS NO WAY TO EXPORT A CABRILLO LOG FILE (functionaly) YET! probably the bigest issue at the moment.
          2. the settings GUI is not functional yet
          3. it has no sync funtionality to qrz or LoTw at the moment
          4. creating a new log file manualy is the only way to make a new log.


        As said above, this is a WIP all these issues DO have fixes planed with most of them already in the works.
        The only thing missing is time and help.
        if you have experience with python or Gnome's GTK3 design system and like this project the best thing you can possably donate is a little bit
        of your time and skill to help me get this project up to a "Big gun" worthy compition tool!
        if your willing send me an email at KL5IS@qsl.net


        Thanks for trying up my project! -Ace, KL5IS